Polymorphic deserialization (#24132)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json-converters-how-to.md

The converter code in the preceding example reads and writes each property manually. An alternative is to call `Deserialize` or `Serialize` to do some of the work. For an example, see [this StackOverflow post](https://stackoverflow.com/a/59744873/12509023).

> Another alternative way to call `Deserialize` in the `Read` method is to:

Reviewer: Can this section be under a sub-heading so it is more prominent?

> Another alternative way to call `Deserialize` in the `Read` method is to:

Reviewer: nit: this isn't an alternative way to call `Deserialize` (since the first example didn't re-enter the serializer) - it's a alternative approach that involves using the serializer.

> * Make a clone of the `Reader` instance. Since `Reader` is a struct, this just requires an assignment statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make a clone of the `Utf8JsonReader` instance. Since `Utf8JsonReader` is a struct, this just requires an assignment statement.
```

* Use the clone to read through the discriminator tokens.
* Call `Deserialize` using the original `Reader` instance once you know the type you need. You can call `Deserialize` because the original `Reader` instance is still positioned to read the begin object token.

> A disadvantage of this method is you can't pass in the original options instance that registers the converter to `Deserialize`. Doing so would cause an infinite loop, as explained in [Required properties](system-text-json-migrate-from-newtonsoft-how-to.md#required-properties). The following example shows a Read method that uses this alternative:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A disadvantage of this method is you can't pass in the original options instance that registers the converter to `Deserialize`. Doing so would cause a stack overflow, as explained in [Required properties](system-text-json-migrate-from-newtonsoft-how-to.md#required-properties). The following example shows a `Read` method that uses this alternative:
```
